readme.md, before:

# My LeetCode problem solutions

## Go

| №    | Name                                                                                                                            | Topic                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                                               | Array, Hash Table                       |
| 0002 | [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers)                                                                | Linked List                             |
| 0003 | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | String, Hash Table, Sliding Window      |
| 0005 | [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/)                                   | String, Dynamic Programming             |
| 0011 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)                                           | Array, Two Pointers                     |
| 0015 | [3 Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)                                                                                    | Array, Two Pointers                     |
| 0019 | [Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)                             | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)                                                           | String, Stack                           |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                                                 | Linked List, Recursion                  |
| 0023 | [Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)                                                     | Linked List, Heap (Priority Queue)      |
| 0030 | [Substring with Concatenation of All Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/)           | String, Hash Table                      |
| 0033 | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)                                 | Array, Binary Search                    |
| 0039 | [Combination Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/)                                                               | Array, Backtracking                     |
| 0042 | [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)                                                       | Array,Two Pointers, Dynamic Programming |
| 0048 | [Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)                                                                     | Matrix                                  |
| 0049 | [Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)                                                                 | String, Hash Table, Sorting             |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)                                                             | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0054 | [Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)                                                                   | Matrix                                  |
| 0055 | [Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/)                                                                           | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0056 | [Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)                                                               | Interval                                |
| 0057 | [Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)                                                               | Interval                                |
| 0062 | [Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)                                                                     | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0070 | [Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)                                                               | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0073 | [Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/)                                                           | Matrix                                  |
| 0076 | [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)                                             | String, Sliding Window                  |
| 0079 | [Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/)                                                                       | Matrix, Backtracking                    |
| 0091 | [Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)                                                                       | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0100 | [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)                                                                           | Tree, Binary Tree                       |
| 0104 | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)                                     | Tree, Binary Tree, DFS, BFS             |
| 0102 | [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)                           | Tree, Binary Tree, BFS                  |
| 0121 | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)                               | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0124 | [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)                                     | Tree, Binary Tree, DFS                  |
| 0125 | [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)                                                             | String, Two Pointers                    |
| 0128 | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)                                     | Array, Graph, Hash Table, Union Find    |
| 0133 | [Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/)                                                                       | Graph                                   |
| 0139 | [Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)                                                                         | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0141 | [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                                                           | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0143 | [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)                                                                     | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0152 | [Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/)                                             | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0153 | [Find Minimum In Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)                     | Array, Binary Search                    |
| 0167 | [Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)                           | Array, Two Pointers, Binary Search      |
| 0190 | [Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)                                                                     | Divide and Conquer, Bit Manipulation    |
| 0191 | [Number of 1_bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)                                                             | Divide and Conquer, Bit Manipulation    |
| 0198 | [House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)                                                                     | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0200 | [Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)                                                           | Matrix, Union Find, DFS, BFS            |
| 0206 | [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                                                       | Linked List, Recursion                  |
| 0207 | [Course Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/)                                                               | Graph, Dynamic Programming, DFS         |
| 0213 | [House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/)                                                               | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0217 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)                                                         | Array, Hash Table, Sorting              |
| 0219 | [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)                                                   | Array, Hash Table, Sliding Window       |
| 0226 | [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)                                                         | Tree, BFS, DFS, Binary Tree             |
| 0238 | [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)                                     | Array, Prefix Sum                       |
| 0242 | [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)                                                                   | Hash Table, String, Sorting             |
| 0268 | Missing Number                                                                                                                  |                                         |
| 0297 | [Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)                   | Tree, Binary Tree, BFS                  |
| 0322 | Coin Change                                                                                                                     |                                         |
| 0338 | Counting Bits                                                                                                                   |                                         |
| 0371 | Sum of Two Integers                                                                                                             |                                         |
| 0387 | First Unique Character                                                                                                          |                                         |
| 0417 | [Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](https://leetcode.com/problems/pacific-atlantic-water-flow/)                                       | Graph, Matrix, DFS, BFS                 |
| 0424 | [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)               | String, Sliding Window                  |
| 0435 | [Non-overlapping Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-overlapping-intervals/)                                           | Interval, Dynamic Programming, Sorting  |
| 0572 | [Subtree of Another Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtree-of-another-tree/description/)                                   | Tree, Binary Tree                       |
| 0647 | [Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)                                                 | String, Dynamic Programming             |
| 0659 | Split Array Into Consecutive Subsequences                                                                                       |                                         |
| 0804 | Unique Morse Code Words                                                                                                         |                                         |
| 0871 | Minimum Number of Refueling Stops                                                                                               |                                         |
| 0876 | Middle of the Linked List                                                                                                       |                                         |
| 0953 | Verifying an Alien Dictionary                                                                                                   |                                         |
| 1338 | Reduce Array Size to the Half                                                                                                   |                                         |

Commit message:

Go: 1011. Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days

readme.md, after:

# My LeetCode problem solutions

## Go

| №    | Name                                                                                                                            | Topic                                   |
| ---- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                                                                               | Array, Hash Table                       |
| 0002 | [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers)                                                                | Linked List                             |
| 0003 | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | String, Hash Table, Sliding Window      |
| 0005 | [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/)                                   | String, Dynamic Programming             |
| 0011 | [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)                                           | Array, Two Pointers                     |
| 0015 | [3 Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)                                                                                    | Array, Two Pointers                     |
| 0019 | [Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)                             | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)                                                           | String, Stack                           |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)                                                 | Linked List, Recursion                  |
| 0023 | [Merge K Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)                                                     | Linked List, Heap (Priority Queue)      |
| 0030 | [Substring with Concatenation of All Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/)           | String, Hash Table                      |
| 0033 | [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)                                 | Array, Binary Search                    |
| 0039 | [Combination Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/combination-sum/)                                                               | Array, Backtracking                     |
| 0042 | [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)                                                       | Array,Two Pointers, Dynamic Programming |
| 0048 | [Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)                                                                     | Matrix                                  |
| 0049 | [Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)                                                                 | String, Hash Table, Sorting             |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)                                                             | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0054 | [Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/)                                                                   | Matrix                                  |
| 0055 | [Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/)                                                                           | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0056 | [Merge Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/)                                                               | Interval                                |
| 0057 | [Insert Interval](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-interval/)                                                               | Interval                                |
| 0062 | [Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)                                                                     | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0070 | [Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/)                                                               | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0073 | [Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/)                                                           | Matrix                                  |
| 0076 | [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)                                             | String, Sliding Window                  |
| 0079 | [Word Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-search/)                                                                       | Matrix, Backtracking                    |
| 0091 | [Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/)                                                                       | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0100 | [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)                                                                           | Tree, Binary Tree                       |
| 0104 | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/)                                     | Tree, Binary Tree, DFS, BFS             |
| 0102 | [Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/)                           | Tree, Binary Tree, BFS                  |
| 0121 | [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)                               | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0124 | [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)                                     | Tree, Binary Tree, DFS                  |
| 0125 | [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)                                                             | String, Two Pointers                    |
| 0128 | [Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)                                     | Array, Graph, Hash Table, Union Find    |
| 0133 | [Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/)                                                                       | Graph                                   |
| 0139 | [Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)                                                                         | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 0141 | [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/)                                                           | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0143 | [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)                                                                     | Linked List, Two Pointers               |
| 0152 | [Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/)                                             | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0153 | [Find Minimum In Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)                     | Array, Binary Search                    |
| 0167 | [Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)                           | Array, Two Pointers, Binary Search      |
| 0190 | [Reverse Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/)                                                                     | Divide and Conquer, Bit Manipulation    |
| 0191 | [Number of 1_bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/)                                                             | Divide and Conquer, Bit Manipulation    |
| 0198 | [House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)                                                                     | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0200 | [Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)                                                           | Matrix, Union Find, DFS, BFS            |
| 0206 | [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)                                                       | Linked List, Recursion                  |
| 0207 | [Course Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/course-schedule/)                                                               | Graph, Dynamic Programming, DFS         |
| 0213 | [House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/)                                                               | Array, Dynamic Programming              |
| 0217 | [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)                                                         | Array, Hash Table, Sorting              |
| 0219 | [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)                                                   | Array, Hash Table, Sliding Window       |
| 0226 | [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/)                                                         | Tree, BFS, DFS, Binary Tree             |
| 0238 | [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)                                     | Array, Prefix Sum                       |
| 0242 | [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)                                                                   | Hash Table, String, Sorting             |
| 0268 | Missing Number                                                                                                                  |                                         |
| 0297 | [Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)                   | Tree, Binary Tree, BFS                  |
| 0322 | Coin Change                                                                                                                     |                                         |
| 0338 | Counting Bits                                                                                                                   |                                         |
| 0371 | Sum of Two Integers                                                                                                             |                                         |
| 0387 | First Unique Character                                                                                                          |                                         |
| 0417 | [Pacific Atlantic Water Flow](https://leetcode.com/problems/pacific-atlantic-water-flow/)                                       | Graph, Matrix, DFS, BFS                 |
| 0424 | [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)               | String, Sliding Window                  |
| 0435 | [Non-overlapping Intervals](https://leetcode.com/problems/non-overlapping-intervals/)                                           | Interval, Dynamic Programming, Sorting  |
| 0572 | [Subtree of Another Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtree-of-another-tree/description/)                                   | Tree, Binary Tree                       |
| 0647 | [Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)                                                 | String, Dynamic Programming             |
| 0659 | Split Array Into Consecutive Subsequences                                                                                       |                                         |
| 0804 | Unique Morse Code Words                                                                                                         |                                         |
| 0871 | Minimum Number of Refueling Stops                                                                                               |                                         |
| 0876 | Middle of the Linked List                                                                                                       |                                         |
| 0953 | Verifying an Alien Dictionary                                                                                                   |                                         |
| 1011 | [Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days](https://leetcode.com/problems/capacity-to-ship-packages-within-d-days/)               | Binary Search                           |
| 1143 | [Longest Common Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-subsequence/)                                         | Dynamic Programming                     |
| 1338 | [Reduce Array Size to the Half](https://leetcode.com/problems/reduce-array-size-to-the-half/)                                   |                                         |
